https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-10174 Bulk destroy known issue (#6192)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/release_notes/known_issues.adoc

* There is a proxy configuration in the agent `AddOnDeploymentConfig` resource.

[#bulk-destroy-kubevirt-hosted]
=== Bulk destroy option on KubeVirt hosted cluster does not destroy hosted cluster
//2.10:ACM-10174

Using the bulk destroy option in the console on KubeVirt hosted clusters does not destroy the KubeVirt hosted clusters.

> Use the row action dropdown menu to destroy the KubeVirt hosted cluster instead.

Reviewer: Since you're using it as an adjective: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage
```suggestion
Use the row action drop-down menu to destroy the KubeVirt hosted cluster instead.
```
